hey Harold what's that in your pocket
huh probably my burrito sick quit
picking on me I wasn't picking on you I
was picking you up something for later a
healthy diet is critical for a growing
web you makin eyes at me muchacho oh
come on cut it out you guys we need to
start sticking together ah kind of like
Harold's butt cheeks you know with the
beans and the sticking dude there are
four girls and only three of us we're
outnumbered with Courtney back it won't
be long before they figure it out if
they haven't already the girls are
pretty sharp Thanks you stink like meet
you kidding me you're both ranked who
knew Latour of a cheese factory could
make you smell so bad it's like we
somehow brought it home with us good
anyone I'm tellin oh if we loot one of
them it'll be one of us next I hear you
chips are cut through the views of the
contestants of Total Drama Action do not
necessarily reflect the opinions of this
network or parent company they may not
necessarily mmm girl this gota is
amazing you think I had crackers so what
do you want to do about the girls we
need a plan since when did you start
thinking so much a near-death experience
can change a man Duncan once you've lost
everything there's nothing left to lose
except the million dollars
let go of me oh where are we and why is
chef in a nightie
I knew that Bungie wouldn't hold that's
what happens when production Chiefs out
and now my hairs all messed up anyone
Charles what the heck is going on here
when I feel like it and now I feel like
it today's challenges are inspired by
the superhero flick today's challenges
nah we just woke up I haven't even
brushed my teeth yet or have breakfast
I'm going back to bed evil never sleeps
and neither will you besides superheroes
don't do the things of mere mortals they
have screaming ladies to rescue actually
many superheroes are mere mortals my
favorite the incredible owl man catches
thieves just like mice but come morning
he puts his pants on one leg at a time
just like the rest of us speak for
yourself boy how would you like it you
Batman's brat dries out with his talents
I didn't think so now Shh hop it there
are three things and transit to all good
superhero movies 1 superheroes have
super powers to superheroes save people
personal favorite three superheroes
where ice which means you will all be
wearing
dizzy tiny tight pitch why are you all
in your pjs get dressed and meet back on
set in superhero speed which means you
should already be back here haha and
then she wear something that goes with
brightly here spandex this program
brought to you by McDonalds